docs: Provide recommended scratch space workflow (#82)
UMass-RC/unity-docs: docs/managing-files/hpc-workspace.md

username@login2:~$
```

!!! tip

>     We encourage releasing workspaces when they are no longer needed to facilitate optimal scratch space usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Please release workspaces when they are no longer needed to help optimize scratch space for all Unity users.
```
